The K_Shingles class takes inthepure-text documents and number of shingle as the initialization parameters. The object _k_shingle stores the shingled documents in the list and object dict_ creates a mapping strategy for the shingles appears in the all the documents to the simple integer, thus minimize the memory used for storage. The get_hash_shingle method maps the shingles in each document to its corresponding hashing integers and is returned as a new list. The compare_sets method computes the Jaccard similarity of two hashed documents.

The MinHashing class takes the number of hash functions and the number of total shingles as input parameters. It also supports the assigned hash functionswhichcouldbeusedfortesting. Tospecifytheassignedhashfunctions, the random_generate ﬂag should be set to false and the hash functions should be a string list. The format of each hash function inside the list should be ’(ax+b)%c’. If the random_generate ﬂag is set to False, the hash functions would be randomly generated. The min_hashing method inside the class generates signatures for each documents. The compare_signatures method computes the Jaccard similarity for min-hashinged signatures.

The LSH class generates the locality-sensitive hashing for documents. Its initialization parameters are the similarity threshold, number of functions used in min-hashing in the last stage, the search mode for the bands and raws numbers and the signatures of documents. The search mode is used to specify the strategy we used when ﬁnding the bands and raws number using binary search according to the similarity threshold. The strategy could be to avoid false negatives or false positives. The ﬁnd_candidates_pairs method matches the candidate pairs for each bands.
